README.md, before:

# Ayoub Aguezar — Portfolio Website


<p align="center">
  <img src="img/PIC.png" alt="Ayoub Photo"  style="border-radius: 10px;" />
</p>

A modern and responsive personal portfolio website built using **HTML5**, **CSS3**, and **JavaScript**.  
This project showcases my profile, skills, services, and provides easy navigation for visitors to learn more or get in touch.

---

## 🚀 Features

- **Clean, responsive design**
- **Hero section** with name, title, and call-to-action buttons
- **Simple and modern navigation bar**
- **Fully editable structure**
- Lightweight — no frameworks required  
- Fast loading and mobile-friendly

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
ayoub-portfolio/
│── index.html                 
└── README.md
```

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **HTML5**
- **CSS3**
- (Optional) Vanilla **JavaScript**
- Google Fonts (if enabled)

---

## ⚙️ Setup & Usage

### 1️⃣ Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/ayoub-portfolio.git
cd ayoub-portfolio
```

### 2️⃣ Open the project
Simply open `index.html` in any browser.

OR launch using VS Code Live Server:
- Install *Live Server*
- Click **Go Live**



---



## 📝 License

MIT License

Commit message:

Add live demo section to README
Added a section for live demo link in README.

README.md, after:

# Ayoub Aguezar — Portfolio Website


<p align="center">
  <img src="img/PIC.png" alt="Ayoub Photo"  style="border-radius: 10px;" />
</p>

A modern and responsive personal portfolio website built using **HTML5**, **CSS3**, and **JavaScript**.  
This project showcases my profile, skills, services, and provides easy navigation for visitors to learn more or get in touch.

---

## 🚀 Features

- **Clean, responsive design**
- **Hero section** with name, title, and call-to-action buttons
- **Simple and modern navigation bar**
- **Fully editable structure**
- Lightweight — no frameworks required  
- Fast loading and mobile-friendly

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
ayoub-portfolio/
│── index.html                 
└── README.md
```

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **HTML5**
- **CSS3**
- (Optional) Vanilla **JavaScript**
- Google Fonts (if enabled)

---

## ⚙️ Setup & Usage

### 1️⃣ Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/ayoub-portfolio.git
cd ayoub-portfolio
```

### 2️⃣ Open the project
Simply open `index.html` in any browser.

OR launch using VS Code Live Server:
- Install *Live Server*
- Click **Go Live**



---



## 🌍 Live Demo

If you would like to view the live version of this portfolio, you can access it here:

🔗 **https://remarkable-bubblegum-7fbc1a.netlify.app/**

Feel free to explore the design, navigation, and layout directly online.

---

## 📝 License

MIT License
